# Robotics Blog 

## 27/2/23: Biomechanical Engineering Time

### Overveiw

In class we have been looking at the Exams next week, and the topics that we will be writing about in the exams. In Robotics we will be studying our own topics and then writing about them, but as it took several lessons to get around to this, I have only just figured out what my topic is.

I would have done more research over the weekend, but it is my birthday today and I was celebrating over the weekend.

### My Research Topic

I am going to be researching biomechanical engineering, which is a field of design which focuses on studying how biological systems work, and then using them to create and improve mechanical systems.

A major facet of the field of biomechanical engineering is the prosthesis industry, who's whole purpose is to integrate a mechanical and mechatronic system which is based off the design of a person, onto a person.

Biomechanical engineering is good because you are basing your design off of creatures that already exist, and therefore already work properly and efficiently. if, then, you made it perfectly, the design would be as good as millions of years of product testing and improvent

### My Robot Progress

Going with the theme of my biomechanical engineering, and in hopes of understanding it further, I plan to integrate some Biomechanical element into the design. I could implement this in several ways, the easiest of which would be adding an insect-inspired shell for asthetics, and among the hardest would be trying to attach a hand to the wheel. I have considered both of these ideas, and have no idea of where I am going to go from here


### In conclusion and plan for the next week

Not write all of my blog work on monday afternoon because I have spent the previous days thinking that I would do it later.

Also
